add security documentation to faq (#588)
localstack/docs: content/en/getting-started/faq.md

If the result has some other status than `status: NOERROR,` your machine cannot resolve this domain.

Some corporate DNS servers might filter requests to certain domains. Contact your network administrator to safelist` localstack.cloud` domains.

> How does LocalStack Pro handle security patches and bug fixes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does LocalStack Pro handle security patches and bug fixes?
```

> ### What's LocalStack Pro's patching schedule for security patches and bug fixes?

Reviewer 2: How does LocalStack Pro handle security patches and bug fixes?

> Emergency vulnerabilities are treated with the highest priority and fixed on the same business day. The cloud provider (AWS) manages and maintains most of the infrastructure. All infrastructure configuration is fully encoded as code scripts (Infrastructure-as-Code) and can quickly be recreated in an emergency.

Reviewer 2: We take security seriously and respond to any emergency vulnerabilities as soon as possible. Our cloud provider (AWS) handles most of the infrastructure maintenance for us. We also use Infrastructure-as-Code scripts to ensure that our infrastructure configuration is consistent and recoverable in case of a disaster.

> ### Does LocalStack have a security program that scans the containers for security issues?

Reviewer 2: Possible change:  How does LocalStack ensure the security of its containers?

> We are performing regular vulnerability scan reports for all software assets, including code and dependency scanning in our Github repositories (using Dependabot) and Docker image scans (using Trivy/Aquasec/Snyk image security scanner). If any vulnerabilities/CVEs are detected, they are fixed and usually rolled out within one business week.

Reviewer 2: Possible change:  Our software assets are regularly checked for vulnerabilities, such as code issues and outdated dependencies. We use Dependabot to scan our GitHub repositories and Snyk (and other security tools) to scan our Docker images.

> ### Do we have any security documentation such as penetration test reports or SOC2 reports?

Reviewer 2: Possible change: Do you have any penetration test reports or SOC2 reports that demonstrate your security compliance?

> We have yet to get a SOC2 report. To get a penetration test report, please get in touch with us at [info@localstack.cloud](mailto:info@localstack.cloud).

Reviewer 2: Possible change:  We conduct regular penetration tests and audits to ensure our services are secure and compliant. If you want to access our penetration test reports or SOC2 reports, please contact us at info@localstack.cloud, and we will be happy to share them with you.

### Does LocalStack provide offline capabilities?

> LocalStack Community and Pro/Team provide limited offline capabilities. To use a fully-fledged offline mode, you may use LocalStack Enterprise, which can be used in air-gapped environments. LocalStack Docker images need to download additional dependencies for specific services (Elasticsearch, Big Data services, etc.), while the offline image bakes all dependencies into the picture, along with any other configuration that you might need. For more details, please look at our [enterprise offering](https://localstack.cloud/pricing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack Community and Pro/Team provide limited offline capabilities. To use a fully-fledged offline mode, you may use LocalStack Enterprise, which can be used in air-gapped environments. The regular LocalStack Docker images may need to download additional dependencies for specific services (e.g., Elasticsearch, Big Data services) at runtime, while the offline image bakes all dependencies into the image, along with any other configuration that you might need. For more details, please look at our [Enterprise offering](https://localstack.cloud/pricing) and get in touch with us.
```
